update Loki usage doc (#198)
giantswarm/handbook: content/docs/observability/loki-usage/_index.md

---
title: "Using Loki at GiantSwarm"
linkTitle: Loki usage
description: >
  This guide explains how to access and explore logs using Loki
confidentiality: public
---

## Context

> Logs, which are records of events and activities generated by systems and applications which serve as a rich source of information for administrators, developers, and security professionals. The ability to search through logs is essential to help with troubleshooting, debugging by looking through a detailed history of events, errors and warnings. It is also a valuable source of information in context of performance monitoring, security and compliance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logs, which are records of events and activities generated by systems and applications, serve as a rich source of information for administrators, developers, and security professionals. The ability to search through logs is essential to help with troubleshooting and debugging by looking through a detailed history of events, errors and warnings. It is also a valuable source of information in context of performance monitoring, security and compliance.
```

> This guide provide you with the basic to get started with exploring Logs using powerful capabilities brought by Grafana and Loki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide provides you with the basics to get started with exploring Logs using the powerful capabilities brought by Grafana and Loki.
```
